Todo:
DONE    1:  user currently can type garbage into success threshold and the other spinner
        maybe have the element_update subfunctions return 1 if something goes wrong
        and then not run the simulation if that happens
        Warn user when successes value is being reset?
DONE    2:  if there are less than two dice, do we want drop dice to revert back to 
        'do not drop' mode?, no, currently it resets to 0 and that's fine, don't want to be
        randomly changing modes on people
DONE    3:  still not happy with plot y-formatting for more degenerate cases... 
          done...when value is greater than 100, consider clamping at 100 maybe, or 120 for spacing
          done...consider splitting into helper fcn
          done...want 8 gridlines - 4 main ones and then 4 minor ones that aren't labeled
          done...make gridlines a bit lighter too i think
DONE    5.   write filepath to pop-up box instead of just saving "Saved".
DONE    6.  Status box for what program is currently doing?
        not doing this, too scope-creepy for this iteration
DONE    8.  Review refreshing window so that it doesn't go unresponsive on longer sim runs
        not doing this, not worth the effort.
DONE    4:  add xbar, sx, median/quartile things onto graph
        align mean and SD using number of digits
DONE    7.  Add an icon for the program! icon made, just need to incorporate on pyinstaller
DONE    8.  Add some hoverover tooltips for certain elements, like the CI text box for example
9.  Verify that all methods are correct classification, i.e. class vs static
DONE    10. Remove all the comment/testing bits 
DONE    11. add acknowledgements popup
12.  add license, see here: https://docs.github.com/en/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions/adding-a-license-to-a-repository
DONE    13      Redo icon, darker
DONE    14      Add an icon for the program!  As in, in psg as well as pyinstaller!
DONE    15      Look into bug where creating large graph doesn't reset labels